
course link: udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-the-ultimate-game-developer-course/?srsltid=AfmBOooR93JZOtO80qTfJg7Jui_sqfVi1cI_2bkfCjYZov1HBzVzM59Q



In this series, you will learn Unreal Engine C++ programming from the basics all the way up to packaging a complete video game. 
You will learn all of the following and more:
Object, Actor, Pawn and Character creation, and the differences between these classes
Coding a complete character class, complete with animations and user input
Finding a nearly endless selection of free assets and how to download and use them for your game
Enemy movement and behavior
Combat with melee weapons
Picking up and equipping items
Damage, Hit Points and Death
HUD elements including Health and Stamina Bars as well as Icons
How to create menus, including a Pause menu
Saving and Loading game data even after turning off the computer or exiting the game
Switching levels in game
Floating platforms using interpolation
Timers for delays in game logic
Trigger volumes, pressure switches, and doors
Bombs, explosives and hazards
Logging and drawing spheres for debug purposes
Using C++ concepts applied to game development 
Knowledge of variables, functions, classes, inheritance, and object-oriented programming is needed to have the best experience.
How to create a complete UE4 game from start to finish.
Those with no experience in Unreal Engine will master Unreal.
Combat, adventure game mechanics, platforms, game saving/loading and menu design.
Those already experienced in game development will further expand their skills.
Those who already develop in another engine such as Unity will master Unreal.
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
Basic understanding of C++ or a similar language (C#, Python, Java, etc.)
No experience in Unreal Engine needed.
Memory space on computer for Unreal Engine, Visual Studio or XCode, and game assets (meshes, animations, etc.)
Who this course is for:
Aspiring game developers.
Those wanting to enter the games industry as a game programmer.
Indie game developers who want to create their own games.
Anyone who wants a COMPLETE game in their portfolio!


03/10/25
    I will share a link of the project that we built at the end